thread by stretch
did you eat together Twilight's dress
cut another patterns get sliced it
making sure the fat falls nicely it's
for the cobbler and so hit always got to
keep in mind my pasting making sure the
clothes cold rectly facing I'm stitching
Twilight joined by God is not a detail
Julie neckline don't you know stitch in
time saves nine make her something
perfect to inspire even though she hates
hormone that time got a mindless
intimate details in the small concern
with sales is Applejack
dress
direct making easy for peopie something
paying Fluttershy something breezy blend
color informed you she looks cheesy
something brash perhaps put that King
hook-and-eye you just simply toy make it
yours it's forelock and crest
don't forget magic in the trust even
though a right eye on the frank frame
won't look like a tank I'm stitching
rain
piece by piece snip by snip croup dock
haunch shoulders hip thread by thread
brendan pest yard by yard never stressed
and that's the art of
now the stars on my belt need to be
technically accurate Orion has three
stars on his down not four stitch by
stitch stitching it together deadline
looms don't you know the client's always
fight even if my favorite choice was
perfect gotta get them all done by
tonight pinky by the Cobblers true
obtrusive wait until you see it in the
I'm so mean to do it myself you mean
with the lollipop well I think one more
change I'm sewing them together
take great pains Fluttershy you're
putting me in a fine Rainbow Dash
Bobby's on your mind oh my gosh three
simply not much time to forget
that's my show
he's easy every customers Hall brings a
whole new revision has to pin to the pay
still hold to my vision that
constellation is canis major not minor
French old cuckoo please
whatever galoshes
streamers
dresses streamers it is
what aren't you going to tell me to
change something - no I just want my
just to be cool did not like the color
the color is fine just make a look
cooler do you not like the shape the
shapes fine just make the rule thing you
know cooler it needs to be about 20%
cooler all we ever want is in this
vision always really like is what we
know got a balance tile with adherence
making sure we maple could appear and
even if you simply have to budget make
sure that it stays within our budget got
to overcome intimidation
remember it's cold in the Bears
piece by piece snip by snip croup dock
haunch shoulders hip pulled by Cole
grinned impressed by your always stress
and that's the art of